Dear Secretary Burwell, Secretary Perez and Secretary Lew:

The Affordable Care Act (ACA) has made great progress toward ensuring that all
Americans have increased access to affordable, high quality health care. A
major part of this effort was a focus on preventing disease rather than just
treating disease. As you know, an important aspect of this was the coverage of
recommended preventive benefits and services given an "A" or "B" rating by the
United States Preventive Services Task Force (Task Force) with no out-of-pocket
costs. We applaud the Administration's continued work in implementing the law.
Unfortunately, it has come to our attention that not all insurance carriers are
covering these services due at least in part to a lack of clear guidelines.

According to the 2014 Surgeon General's Report, The Health Consequences of
Smoking--50 Years of Progress: A Report of the Surgeon General, tobacco use is
the leading cause of preventable death in United States and responsible for the
deaths of almost half a million Americans each year. Increasing access to
comprehensive tobacco cessation treatment and services can help prevent these
untimely deaths.

On September 21, 2015, the Task Force issued an update to its recommendations
concerning tobacco cessation. While tobacco cessation still receives an "A"
grade, recognizing the high value of this low-cost, low-risk intervention, the
new recommendation adds clarity around the importance of all seven Food Drug
Administration (FDA)-approved medications and the three forms of counseling.

Multiple studies, including those from Georgetown University and the American
Lung Association, have shown that not everyone has access to a comprehensive
tobacco cessation benefit recommended by the Task Force, and without clear
guidance from HHS, what should be covered has been left open to interpretation
by group plans and health insurance companies.[1] The May 2, 2014 "FAQs About
the Affordable Care Act Implementation (Part XIX)" should be updated to ensure
that consumers are provided with covered cessation treatments and counseling
under the ACA.[2] Updated and clear guidance from the Administration is
necessary to give carriers clear direction that all seven FDA-approved
cessation medications and all forms of counseling must be covered without cost
sharing.

As new research and treatments become available, including in tobacco
cessation, there will be a need for additional updates to the Task Force's
recommendations in order to ensure that consumers are able to access such
advancements and innovation. There also should be a clear process in place to
update the guidance when these recommendations are updated. Ensuring these
benefits and services are covered without cost sharing is critical to
strengthening our health care system, bringing down health care costs, and
critically, saving lives.

Thank you for your attention to this matter.
